capital = 525 #South Korea - Seoul or Busan

oob = "KOR_1936"

recruit_character = cho_bongam
recruit_character = shin_ikhui
recruit_character = cho_byeongok
recruit_character = kim_byeongro
recruit_character = ahn_jaehong
recruit_character = jang_myeon
recruit_character = yi_suntak
recruit_character = yi_beom_seok
recruit_character = lee_siyeong
recruit_character = jang_taeksang
recruit_character = park_heon_young
recruit_character = cho_dong_ho 
recruit_character = cho_mansik
recruit_character = prk_park_heonyeong 
recruit_character = choi_yonggeon
recruit_character = kim_dubong
recruit_character = kim_chaek
recruit_character = jeong_juntaek
recruit_character = park_seongcheol
recruit_character = kim_il
recruit_character = park_geumcheol
recruit_character = lee_yunyeong
recruit_character = kim_changbong
recruit_character = lee_hyeonggeun
recruit_character = choi_yongdeok
recruit_character = kim_ung
recruit_character = chae_byeongdeok
recruit_character = lee_eungjun
recruit_character = kim_hongil
recruit_character = kim_gwang_hyeop
recruit_character = kang_geon
recruit_character = soon_wonil
recruit_character = park_okgyu
recruit_character = han_ilmu
recruit_character = kim_jeongryeol
recruit_character = kim_sin
recruit_character = lee_hwal
recruit_character = wang_ryeon
recruit_character = lee_jongchan
recruit_character = shin_hyeonjun
recruit_character = jeong_ilgwon
recruit_character = jang_deokchang
recruit_character = kim_seokwon
recruit_character = kim_mujeong
recruit_character = nam_il
recruit_character = choi_gwang
recruit_character = bang_hosan
recruit_character = ryu_gyeongsu

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 10
	communism = 20
	neutrality = 50
}
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}


create_country_leader = {
	name = "Yi Un"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Korea_Yi_Un.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology #collaborationnism?
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {#GUO
	name = "Syngman Rhee"
	desc=POLITICS_SYNGMAN_RHEE_DESC
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Korea_Syngman_Rhee.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = fascism_ideology
	traits = {
		dictator prince_of_terror anti_communist
	}
}

create_country_leader = {#GUO
	name = "Syngman Rhee"
	desc=POLITICS_SYNGMAN_RHEE_DESC
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Korea_Syngman_Rhee.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = conservatism
	traits = {
		dictator prince_of_terror anti_communist
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Lyuh Woon-hyung"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Lyuh_Woon_hyung.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = n_socialism_ideology
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kim Il-sung"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Korea_Kim_Il-sung.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = marxism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Yi Kang"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Korea_Yi_Kang.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism #collaborationnism?
	traits = {
		#
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Kim Gu"
	desc = ""
	picture = "gfx/leaders/KOR/Portrait_Kim_Gu.dds"
	expire = "1965.1.1"
	ideology = despotism
	traits = {
		#
	}
}